-- Rule of assumption --

Format: <formula> [Assumption]

The rule of assumption allows the introduction of any hypothesis, with
the implicit cost that unless it is discharged at a later point in the
proof, it will appear as a top-level hypothesis. This rule requires no
references to any other lines in a proof.

-- Rule of and introduction --

Format: f & g [AndIntro i j]

        (where line i has conclusion f,
               line j has conclusion g)

The rule of and introduction allows the introduction of a new formula,
f & g, given two references, i and j, to lines in the proof concluding
f and g respectively.

-- Rule of and elimination --

Formats: f [AndElimL i]
         g [AndElimR i]

         (where line i has conclusion f & g for some formula g)

The rules of and elimination allow us to conclude formulas f and g,
given a reference i to a line in the proof concluding f & g.

-- Rule of implies introduction --

Format: f => g [ImpliesIntro i]

        (where line i has conclusion g)

The rule of implies introduction allows us conclude f => g, given a
reference i to a line in the proof concluding g. This rule has the
benefit of discharging the assumption f, wherever it may occur in the
proof tree of the formula f => g. Note that if the assumption f is
used elsewhere in the proof, outside the scope of this formula, then
it may still appear as a top-level assumption.

-- Rule of implies elimination --

Format: f [ImpliesElim i j]

        (where line i has conclusion g for some formula g,
               line j has conclusion g => f)

The rule of implies elimination (or modus ponens) allows us to
conclude a formula f, given two references, i and j, to lines in the
proof concluding g and g => f, respectively, where g can be any
formula.

-- Rule of or introduction --

Formats: f | g [OrIntroL i]
         f | g [OrIntroR j]

         (where line i has conclusion f,
                line j has conclusion g)

The rule of or introduction allows the introduction of a new formula,
f | g, given a reference i (j) to a line in the proof concluding f
(g).

-- Rule of or elimination --

Format: f [OrElim i j k]

        (where line i has conclusion g | h for some formulas g and h,
               line j has conclusion f,
               line k has conclusion f)

The rule of or elimination allows us to conclude a formula f, given
three references, i, j, and k, to lines in the proof concluding g | h,
f, and f, respectively. This rule has the benefit of discharging the
assumption g in the proof of line j, along with the assumption h in
the proof of line k. Note that if these assumptions are used elsewhere
in the proof, outside the scope of those respective formulas, then
they may still appear as top-level assumptions.

-- Rule of bottom elimination --

Formats: f [BottomElim i]

         (where line i has conclusion _|_)

THe rule of bottom elimination (or absurdity) allows us to conclude
any formula f, given a reference to a proof i concluding _|_
(bottom).
